attached is our progression of past conversations, i need continue this journey of building my startup brand as a sustainable memeplex. i know the product (in alpha testing) is of tremendous value to the society, but distributing a freemium app is difficult. there are many obstacles as we discussed. let's start with the core Founding myth that i need to engineer. the raw story in non-linear timeline is this:

I am a startup founder raising angel round. I previously raised $20k pre-seed round from a VC in 2023 at $1m valuation cap (SAFE note). I'm looking to raise $200k at $2m angel round (premoney). We already have a product launched named "NSpace" that let user generate lessons based on the vocabulary that they need. It's in the market but low traction, low retention, clearly low product-market fit at the concept and not just design issues (fetch_url to see the product at https://nspace.is , peak user base ~3000 but declined to currently ~500, retention so low that might as well ignore about this product) . That product however has unique technology that generates deep on-demand vocab drills that people love. Below is the new product hasn't launched yet. This new product moves from creator-led type of product to consumer-led type of products with all language learning curriculums premade. The end result is a lot easy to use because every curriculum is designed with a very specific audience in mind with all settings and toggles and content topics and exercies types etc. already preconfigured and hidden so learner can focus exclusively on learning. This is in beta but getting very good feedback and traction. This product also has extremely high margin because all contents are premade and all users no matter how big use the same pool of content (whereas the previous product costs us everytime user generates something). I'm raising money to push this below product further and faster.

the original VC-funded idea was insight-delivery app (started about 6 months before funded). i hypothesized that "The Right Insight. Delivered at The Right Time. Expressed in the Right Way" will profoundly benefit people. insight is what most people need when they are stuck, or stuck not knowing they're stuck repeating destructive psychological patterns, or when they need tremendous growth, breakthrough. this is a direct acknowledgment of Richard Dawkins' meme theory. essentially i hypothesized to be the conduit of the meme spread. i struggled for over a year and needless to say couldn't get it working technically, the intelligent machine i built wasn't enough (so all the business model type of questions are no longer relevant). then the runway shortened and i found interest in language learning, initially because it was right there (i made a talking chatbot and arguably first talking-face apps) and i wanted language learning to be the commercial vehicle of the technology that i do have (not intelligent enough to deliver insights but enough for someone to practice speaking a foreign language). then language learning itself is 2 fold: more complex than I thought, and the same time closer to the core thesis of insight-delivery than I thought. each vocabulary in language learning is essentially a meme, and if high quality is indeed an insight, delivered in language lessons. most recent app launch named "NSpace" had poor traction I think because people don't need to create great lessons (in hindsight, how obvious), they want to be consumer of great lessons. so now the new app to be launched is "Step". i'm engaging with deliberate brand building and social engineering to help the brand survive and carry the product because i believe intention is so important and this whole process is essentially me injecting information to fight entropy. i'm borrowing your power of intelligence to synthesizing that information to inject into that brand-building/product-distribution process.

now that you know a bit more about my creation story. what's your first thought?